Merge releases/2021/3 (#2321)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/3d_segmentation_demo/python/README.md

```

Running the application with the empty list of options yields the usage message and an error message.

> To run the demo, use public or pre-trained models that support 3D convolution, for example, UNet3D. You can download the pre-trained models using the OpenVINO [Model Downloader](../../../tools/downloader/README.md). The list of models supported by the demo is in the `models.lst` file in the demo's directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the demo, use public or pre-trained models that support 3D convolution, for example, UNet3D. You can download the pre-trained models using the OpenVINO [Model Downloader](../../../tools/downloader/README.md). The list of models supported by the demo is in `<omz_dir>/demos/3d_segmentation_demo/python/models.lst`.
```

This would be more direct, as well as more robust, because I plan to implement automatic checking for `<omz_dir>` references.
